1. npm install express mongoose dotenv morgan helmet nodemon    
2. dotenv gives secret url to encrypt our db
3. Helmet prevents vulnerability
4. morgan is middleware to test our requests 
5. sketchy dude in the video adds || req.user.isAdmin in the parenthesis after req.params.id. I had to remove it because it was breaking my code, and giving an "undefined" error. Basically isAdmin returns or is resulting into undefined error. Looks like I must find a new way to check admin status
6. In this system apparently, the user that is able to log in, is also able to delete their own account. I am not sure I find this extremely logical, but we have to see how this all looks in the front end as well. 
7. the follow / unfollow should rather be a toggle! It does not make sense to throw an error that says "You have already unfollowed this user"! There should not be such an option!
8. Because I want the stats to belong to the users profile, but they at the same time will have to be posted.. I am uncertain in which of the schemas they ought to be included. 
9. For the moment what I am doing is I open the braces into Postman and give for example the points, or rebounds. What I want to do is create a specific set of keys that are fixed to that object which could be reused like a schema in itself.
10. This I think makes no sense to me, the dude is asking the machine to recognize that the userId of the post that is in the url bar is the same as the userId (of the user who wants to edit the post that we place in the request Json in Postman(right?). Instead we want the post id or req.params.id to match an existing id (and I dont see shadow of that error handling here). Additionally, we want the user to be authorised so the userId to whom the post belongs, should match the userId of the user wanting to edit. 
11. This delete endpoint so far only requires the id of the user and that this id is authorized to delete (must be the same id of the user who posted). This means that in the req.body you do not need to rewrite the desc (the content of the post that needs deleted).
12. in the case of followers of users, we wanted to clarify the particular userId. We wanted to know WHO (which userId) is following whom. In the case of likes, I would only want to know if my user has already liked a post (we dont need anybody to know their id, we dont need the id to show. We just need the partic "liker" to not have liked twice)
13. const currentUsersFollowing = await User.findById(req.body.) dont need first line, can put it inside friendspost, find user and find friends posts all in one operation. 
//FRONTEND
14. learned about webkit which can be used for both making a nicer vertical scroller, as well as for creating nice box shadowing effects. You can do this by using a free online box shadow generator!